hey what's going on YouTube MySpace
mocospace so quit it whatever else y'all
got this is jay boy from TNT brothers
and as you're born when he left from the
dirty deed gorillas man but to give you
guys some 411 on some info we're
thinking about throwing a lock-in for
all ages no I purify peaks on weslaco
Jake boy telling what's up man yeah
peter piper pizza in wesco we're
thinking like november six you know
we've been to most of the schools and
donna we dumped performances and stuff
so i'm probably swing by and get some
some flyers and banners and stuff
promoters or myspace erm myspace.com
back stash everybody's kind of my nas
everybody through the show y'all
bottom like it but we turn up on your
phone is gonna be fifteen dollars the
entry is gonna be free picks up free
drinks you know there's probably gonna
be some free teams from the TNC brothers
we're gonna have some free CDs is going
to be a mixtape release for the TNT
brothers it's gonna be a mixtape release
for the dirty deep gorillas there's
gonna be a lot appreciate y'all how to
back at us and tell us see what y'all
think it's going down for real and it's
gonna be somewhat november six so we're
thinking yeah november series probably
on a friday y'all can go out there see
what's up seven hours like 10 peter
piper free games all that stuff
everybody performances musics gonna be
good free pizza so pizza unlimited how
ya all motor keep that up oh yeah man
check this out there be some free TV
size with y'all being in for free there
they go we're gonna go tnc brothers
designed by drm you want to know anyway
11 how to back get at us and for y'all
for those yard that already got these
t-shirts at the performances and make
sure that i take a picture and upload it
on your myspace and everything send it
to us and stuff so we can get those fan
pics in and everything you know soon
have some good fan manner think so so
sup j boy get bag drop the comment down
there tell us what you think say wassup
user is 111 ddg holla back yeah